WIL: Yeah.
LIAM: [intones Thus Sprach Zarathustra]
WIL: I feel like it should be sadder when it gets
to me.
LIAM: [intones sad trombone]
WIL: (laughs) Okay, so here's what's happening. We
just wrapped on Tabletop, and we're overlapping
with Critical Role a little bit. I asked them all
not to die, and Travis had this super great idea.
TRAVIS: We're calling in the big guns. We're
calling in the deity-level powers.
WIL: This is how desperate everybody is in the
party. They've called in me to save the day.
TRAVIS: We're calling in overwatch. We're calling
for an airstrike.
WIL: What we're going to do, and I don't know why
I'm whispering this--
TRAVIS: Because you have to on these things. You
have to whisper.
WIL: So we're going to go in and I'm going to
touch Matt's table.
TRAVIS: Lay hands.
WIL: Lay my hands all over that table.
LIAM: There's also a large goliath in the center
of the board. If you could rub his head with your
fingers a little bit.
TRAVIS: Yeah, touch the Mister Clean dome.
WIL: Yeah. Because the thing is that I told them
not to die because if you guys die, I'm going to
get blamed for it. Because every time one of you
jerks rolls badly, Critters go bananas at me!
TRAVIS: You're kind of like the Hulk. We're not
going to try and control the juju, we're just
going to aim the juju.
WIL: That's my secret: I always roll terribly.
LIAM: Let's go put your secret sauce on stuff,
Wil. Come on. There she is.
LAURA: Oh, this is happening.
LIAM: Yeah.
WIL: That's really interesting!
MATT: Yeah, guys, it's great!
TRAVIS: I feel better already! Fuck
sage! You're the best thing ever!
WIL: Have a good time tonight! Don't fucking die!
Just don't die!
ASHLEY: (yells)
LAURA: No, no, no!
WIL: It is, in a non-cursing-you sense, it is
genuinely good to see you.
MATT: Always.
WIL: Have a good game tonight. Don't kill my
friends.
MATT: I'm going to try not to.
TRAVIS: I thank you. A thousand gold shall be
transferred to you.
WIL: I like gold! I can use it to buy stuff!
TRAVIS: Six gold and--
WIL: Five gold and a party!
LAURA: Woo! Five gold and a party!